hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2021 adventure
movie jungle cruise
starring dwayne johnson and emily blunt
warning spoilers ahead
in the year 1556 a man named donaghira
leads a group of spanish conquistadors
to south america in search of the law
grimace decreased all tree whose flowers
are said to cure illness hill injuries
and lift curses
the puka mishina tribe uses the tree's
flowers to heal the survivors after the
majority of the conquistadors have died
when the tribal chief refuses to reveal
the location of the tree agira stabs him
and sets fire to the village
the dying chief curses the conquistadors
making them immortal and unable to leave
the amazon river site anyone attempting
to flee is recaptured by the jungle
in london in the year 1916 dr lily
houghton's tears of the moon research is
presented to the royal society by her
brother mcgregor who claims that the
tree's flowers could revolutionize
medicine and aid the british war effort
the huttons request access to an
arrowhead artifact they recently
acquired
lily believes that the arrowhead and an
old amazon map are the key to finding
the tree
the society rejects the request
believing that the tree is a legend and
that female scientists are inferior
lily steals the arrowhead narrowly
avoiding prince joachim are ruthless
german prince on the lookout for the
tree
when lily and mcgregor arrive in brazil
they will need a boat and a guide to
take them down the amazon river
they hire skipper frank wolfe who offers
low-cost jungle cruises laced with
fictitious dangers and corny jokes frank
initially declines claiming that the
journey is too dangerous but after
seeing the arrowhead he reconsiders
frank reclaims his repossessed boat
engine
after eluding joachim who pursues them
in a u-boat the trio flees
lily discovers in frank's cabin photos
and sketches of modern inventions as
well as maps drawings and research on
the tears of the moon
she accuses frank of looking for the
tree despite the fact that he claims to
have given up long ago
the puka mishna tribe dressed as
cannibals captures the group as one of
frank's phony threats that he failed to
cancel in time
lily is enraged and has doubts about
frank's sincerity
the tribal chief deciphers the symbols
on the arrowhead revealing the tree's
location and the fact that it only
blooms during a blood moon
joachim locates the petrified
conquistadors in a cave and frees them
by diverting the river on the condition
that they retrieve the arrowhead for him
the spaniards attack the tribe and
fatally stab frank
lily manages to get away with the
arrowhead
the pursuing spaniards are captured by
vines as she crosses the curse's
boundary dragging them back into the
jungle
the next morning a fully revived frank
is discovered much to the surprise of
the haughtons
frank reveals that he is one of the
cursed conquistadors who attacked the
village while on a noble mission to save
aguirre's gravely ill daughter after
years of fighting frank trapped the
other conquistadors away from the river
where they turned to stone to defend the
tribe
he then spent centuries looking for the
tree in vain as the artifact was guarded
by the daughter of the tribal chief at
the time it would later be kept in a
london museum for dr albert falls
lily and frank continue their journey to
the la luna rota waterfall where they
discover and raise a submerged temple
in the meantime joachim kidnaps mcgregor
and forces him to reveal lily's
whereabouts
in the temple that houses the tree frank
lily mcgregor the germans and the
spaniards all converge
the arrowhead is revealed to be a
heart-shaped locket containing a
gemstone
the dormant tree blooms under the blood
moon after the jam and locket are
inserted into the trunk
lily recovers one flower during the
fight
joachim is crushed and frank's boat
crashes into the river paralyzing him in
the spaniards
lily sacrifices the flower to lift
frank's curse and restore his mortality
realizing her true feelings for him
frank who had planned to end his life
decides to stay alive in order to be
with lily the moon's final beam blooms a
single flower allowing lily to continue
her research
the royal society offers lily full
membership after their successful return
to england which she declines and
instead guides frank through london
thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes
or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time